README.md, before:

# aesd-assignments
This repo contains public starter source code, scripts, and documentation for AESD assignments for ECEN-5713 Fall 2020 University of Colorado, Boulder.


## Setting Up Git

Use the instructions at [Setup Git](https://help.github.com/en/articles/set-up-git) to perform initial git setup steps. For AESD you will want to perform these steps inside your Linux virtual machine, since this is where you will be doing your development work.

## Setting up SSH keys

This step is optional but will save you from needing to enter your password every time you interact with the git server.  See instructions in [Connecting to GitHub with SSH](https://help.github.com/en/articles/connecting-to-github-with-ssh)

## Specific Assignment Instructions

Some assignments require further setup to pull in example code or make other changes to your repository before starting.  In this case, see the github classroom assignment start instructions linked from the assignment document for details about how to use this repository.

## Testing

See `./test.sh` script.  The basis of the automated test implementation for this repository comes from [https://github.com/cu-ecen-5013/assignment-autotest/](https://github.com/cu-ecen-5013/assignment-autotest/)

# assignment-autotest

The assignment-autotest directory contains scripts useful for instructor/TA grading and code reviews.  Use
```
git submodule init
git submodule sync
git submodule update
```
to synchronize.

Commit message:

Additional files for assignment 1
Add conf files, update readme, update CMakeLists.txt
and add student test files.

Add test.sh file so students can validate their assignment
is working properly before submitting.

README.md, after:

# aesd-assignments
This repo contains public starter source code, scripts, and documentation for AESD assignments for ECEN-5713 Fall 2020 University of Colorado, Boulder.


## Setting Up Git

Use the instructions at [Setup Git](https://help.github.com/en/articles/set-up-git) to perform initial git setup steps. For AESD you will want to perform these steps inside your Linux host virtual or physical machine, since this is where you will be doing your development work.

## Setting up SSH keys

This step is optional but will save you from needing to enter your password every time you interact with the git server.  See instructions in [Connecting to GitHub with SSH](https://help.github.com/en/articles/connecting-to-github-with-ssh)

## Specific Assignment Instructions

Some assignments require further setup to pull in example code or make other changes to your repository before starting.  In this case, see the github classroom assignment start instructions linked from the assignment document for details about how to use this repository.

## Testing

See `./test.sh` script.  The basis of the automated test implementation for this repository comes from [https://github.com/cu-ecen-5013/assignment-autotest/](https://github.com/cu-ecen-5013/assignment-autotest/)

The assignment-autotest directory contains scripts useful for instructor/TA grading and code reviews.  Use
```
git submodule init update --recursive
```
to synchronize after cloning and before starting each assignment.
